com/example/test2/databinding/FragmentFifthBinding.java
 com.example.test2.databinding.FragmentFifthBinding
com/example/test2/databinding/FragmentHomewithTabBinding.java
 com.example.test2.databinding.FragmentHomewithTabBinding
com/example/test2/databinding/ActivitySupplierDetailBinding.java
 com.example.test2.databinding.ActivitySupplierDetailBinding
com/example/test2/databinding/ContactListBackupBinding.java
 com.example.test2.databinding.ContactListBackupBinding
com/example/test2/databinding/PromoListBinding.java
 com.example.test2.databinding.PromoListBinding
com/example/test2/databinding/RecomendItem1Binding.java
 com.example.test2.databinding.RecomendItem1Binding
com/example/test2/databinding/FragmentHistoriSdhBayarBinding.java
 com.example.test2.databinding.FragmentHistoriSdhBayarBinding
com/example/test2/databinding/DrawerNavHeaderBinding.java
 com.example.test2.databinding.DrawerNavHeaderBinding
com/example/test2/databinding/ContactListBinding.java
 com.example.test2.databinding.ContactListBinding
com/example/test2/databinding/CartListBinding.java
 com.example.test2.databinding.CartListBinding
com/example/test2/databinding/FragmentFourthBinding.java
 com.example.test2.databinding.FragmentFourthBinding
com/example/test2/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.example.test2.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
com/example/test2/databinding/ActivityRegisterBinding.java
 com.example.test2.databinding.ActivityRegisterBinding
com/example/test2/databinding/FragmentHistoriSelesaiBinding.java
 com.example.test2.databinding.FragmentHistoriSelesaiBinding
com/example/test2/databinding/ActivityAddItemBinding.java
 com.example.test2.databinding.ActivityAddItemBinding
com/example/test2/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.test2.BuildConfig
com/example/test2/databinding/ActivityHistoriBinding.java
 com.example.test2.databinding.ActivityHistoriBinding
com/example/test2/databinding/ActivityCartBinding.java
 com.example.test2.databinding.ActivityCartBinding
com/example/test2/databinding/ActivityMapsBinding.java
 com.example.test2.databinding.ActivityMapsBinding
com/example/test2/databinding/FragmentRecomendBinding.java
 com.example.test2.databinding.FragmentRecomendBinding
com/example/test2/databinding/ActivityHistoryDetailBinding.java
 com.example.test2.databinding.ActivityHistoryDetailBinding
com/example/test2/databinding/RecomendItemBinding.java
 com.example.test2.databinding.RecomendItemBinding
com/example/test2/databinding/FragmentSecondBinding.java
 com.example.test2.databinding.FragmentSecondBinding
com/example/test2/databinding/FragmentThirdBinding.java
 com.example.test2.databinding.FragmentThirdBinding
com/example/test2/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.test2.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/test2/databinding/ActivityItemDetailBinding.java
 com.example.test2.databinding.ActivityItemDetailBinding
com/example/test2/databinding/CustomNotificationBinding.java
 com.example.test2.databinding.CustomNotificationBinding
com/example/test2/databinding/SupplierListBinding.java
 com.example.test2.databinding.SupplierListBinding
com/example/test2/databinding/FragmentHistoriBlmBayarBinding.java
 com.example.test2.databinding.FragmentHistoriBlmBayarBinding
com/example/test2/databinding/HistoriListBinding.java
 com.example.test2.databinding.HistoriListBinding
com/example/test2/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.example.test2.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/example/test2/databinding/FragmentFavoritBinding.java
 com.example.test2.databinding.FragmentFavoritBinding
com/example/test2/databinding/ActivityCartDetailBinding.java
 com.example.test2.databinding.ActivityCartDetailBinding
